He is Long Xiangyun's fiancé
The undercover agent who was not sent
Answer me yes or no
I wasn't undercover.
Brother Tibetan Feng, you are finally awake
What did you just say?
No, nothing.
Linger, why am I here?
My dad said you were seriously injured
You were unconscious when I got there
Brother Tibetan Feng, I was so worried about you
I'm perfectly healthy.
If you don't believe me, look
Ouch, Brother Tibetan Feng
Stop trying to be strong
Linger, what are you doing?
Today is Linger's birthday
Can you wake up?
It's already my best birthday present
Today is your birthday
I'm sorry, Linger
I couldn't get you a birthday present
Where has the big brother gone?
He can't go out with Hu early in the morning
I guess I didn't even remember that today is me
Brother Gu Cheng's birthday must be a desperate attempt
Can't let him succeed
No, I have to get up
Brother Cangfeng, where are you going?
suddenly remembered
The job your dad gave me
I still have some unfinished business
Have to go back
What job?
I don't know.